There was broad support on the committee
for holding today broad I would say
including among non- voters so that's
where that was of course some people did
want to cut and and and dissented but
committee pretty broadly for for for
holding today
>> J Pal there speaking after the Fed held
rates steady and signaled a cautious
outlook. You're watching the China show
this morning. I'm Annabelle Drollers
with David.
>> Good morning. We are counting down to
the open markets in greater China. Let's
get to your top stories today. A
massive, massive day for tech earnings.
You have Samsung and SKH Heinix each
reporting record results as this AI wave
shows no signs of breaking.
>> Yeah, that's the Korea story. But you've
got the US as well. Tesla, Meta, IBM
gaining on strong numbers, AI plans, but
investors fearing, you can see there
Microsoft's AI investments might be slow
to pay off.
>> Now commodities are surging with gold
extending this record run. Brent crude
also rising to six-month highs. The
dollar rebounding as a US Treasury
Secretary backing a strong currency.
>> And the UK Prime Minister Karma arrives
in Beijing pledging to seek a more
mature relationship ahead of today's
meeting with President Xi Jinping.
Good Thursday morning. Welcome to the
program. As is customary, we need to
talk about the Fed. It's of course a
couple of hours post this largely
nonevent
uh you had two denters of course who
voted in favor of a rate cut and it
doesn't seem based on the guidance bill
coming through the Fed that they there
will be room to cut interest rates
before J. Powell's term ends, but I
guess that is largely expected right
now. Uh for me I think the descent is
the most interesting part and okay
Steven maybe you could have expected but
Governor Chris Waller I think is an
interesting move because it's sort of
like is he auditioning for the Fed
chair? Is that what kind of keeps him in
the race or is he really just reflecting
concerns around the overall health of
the labor market? We don't know that of
course.
>> Yeah. Uh well we need to get into his
his his head as far as that is concerned
but I think when you look at the data
it's certainly proved a little bit more
resilient of late compared to the last
couple of meetings. So you could make a
stronger case right now for a hold not
just today right but moving forward
which then I guess we can set that aside
because certainly when you look at the
you know the price moves in the markets
overnight
the context was this time yesterday we
were dealing with an absolute collapse
in the US dollar complete opposite right
now coming through out of comments out
of the treasury secretary talking about
how it is a strong dollar policy they're
in no way intervening in in in the
Japanese yen which is I think the other
big story we're tracking today apart
from tech which obviously is we have to
talk about that too.
>> I mean, tech is very much front and
center really. These are big earnings.
We've just kicked off the earnings
season again and and you came in into
the session today. So, you had Tesla,
Meta, Microsoft, IBM, they were the big
numbers in the US. You already had SKH
Highix yesterday afternoon, but you had
Samsung as well this morning. And it's
that bigger story around yes, you're
seeing the memory chip crunch that
that's certainly starting to have an
effect, but also different views on on
capex spend essentially because both
Meta and Microsoft are scaling up their
spending plans for this year, but only
one of those is being punished for it.
>> Yeah. And we'll see what that perhaps
portends because you have Alphabet
uh coming through next week as well and
and Amazon of course. And I think you
put the capex together, I think it's
half a trillion between the biggest
spenders, right? as far as capex is
concerned, as far as the estimates go,
right? So, we're going to get into all
of that right now as we look at markets.
And I think to the point Bill was just
making there on Samsung uh and SKH
Highix, perhaps prices are folding
despite the five-fold increase uh at
least as far as Samsung is concerned as
far as the chip business goes. Uh more
on that in a moment. We also did get, by
the way, a a rate decision coming
through, monetary policy decision to be
more specific, out of out of Singapore.
Speaking of Southeast Asia, flip the
page, please look at tech. While we flip
the page, the Indonesian story is one
we'll get into really as well. Following
just one of the worst days for that
market uh on record really uh as far as
many superlatives are concerned around
concerns about investability. U here's
the tech player. As far as the Samsung
story is concerned, NASDAQ futures are
flat. Big bounce in the dollar. Big dip
as you can see. Big dip into yesterday
on dollar yen. That's reversed somewhat
as we speak here. Stormer of course has
a full day ahead uh in mainland China
and of course we're looking at commodity
prices were arguably part you know this
is still really the story to track. I
think he people are sleeping on this
this this recent peak up uh in in oil
prices, right? So 17% I believe from the
bottom on Brent 13% year to date highest
since late July. Iran's featuring into
the conversations today. Gold spot
5,500. Silver's 120. Let's call it even
there. A50 futures, MEI China big pop
yesterday. We'll see what happens today.
And of course, Dollar China and there we
go. Yeah, on the two rates and the
difference between the two. Uh we're
largely looking at declines given of
course perhaps the bounce yesterday.
>> Yeah, but let's get back to that tech
story because it is really front and
center for us. As we said, we had
Samsung, SKHix here in Asia. There's
Meta, Microsoft among the headliners
from the US. But our team is here to
walk us through the results this
morning. We've got our Asia equities
reporter Sang Cha with us in Hong Kong.
And also from San Francisco is our tech
reporter Riley Griffin. But Sang, I
think we can start with you. So yeah,
it's pretty unusual to see SKH Heinix
and Samsung reporting, you know, at the
same time, their earnings call within an
hour of each other this morning, but
what have we learned so far? And what
are really the highlights for you?
>> Yeah, that's right. It really looks
somewhat of a face off rather than a
coincidence. It really goes way back
when this really happened in the past.
But again, uh the whole focus is that,
you know, they both reported amazing
earnings and SKings, just like you said,
uh had the best quarterly results and
Samsung's uh chip business is roaring
back. But again um again today we're
seeing the share moves actually falling
and that's um you know actually quite
usual for the Korean market. Um you know
investors are taking profit but again
traders are saying this is the best
opportunity to buy the dip again because
all eyes are on these memory chip prices
which group estimates about 120%
increase for DRAM and 90% for uh for NAD
this year. So all of this um record
shortfall in these uh conventional
memories is really resulting in some of
these upsides for Samsung and SKH
Highix. And it's really interesting that
this customer base for these memory
chips have entirely shifted. You know,
in the past it was the PCs or the
smartphone makers who would actually
delay the buys if the prices were too
expensive. But now it's the hyperscalers
that you just talked about who have lots
of cash and they're just you know
putting down the cash so that they can
get some of those capacity for these
memory chips and all all of this
actually comes down to the high
bandwidth memory you know the HVM uh in
which SKH is um the leader and of of
course uh the uh very strategic partner
to Nvidia but also local media saying
that it will be the exclusive supplier
to Microsoft's Maya chip. So all of this
is boosting the share prices.
>> Uh do we know anything more about the
guidance on pricing and supply of HBM?
>> So that uh we will be uh hearing more on
uh from the conference call which uh
we'll be uh we'll be we'll hear more
about. But of course um again the HPM is
a space that uh is taking up so much of
these u manufacturing capacity from
these two companies. And uh what's
interesting is uh normally these
conventional memories they were booked
uh quarterbased. So you know you book
quarter uh this quarter and then uh if
you fall short then you're not going to
sign. But now they're moving towards
like one-year basis. This is what the
investors are betting on and they're
saying that this is no longer a cyclical
kind of business but it's an entire like
structural change that we're seeing here
in the space. And so and also because of
these HPMs that uh require so much of
the the wafers the silicon wafers are
finite and because of that and they they
require I think it was about three times
uh the silicon wafers that is required
for this conventional memory. So now the
DRAM and the nan prices also are soaring
because of that. Yeah, it's sort of that
pivot toward toward HPM that's
cannibalizing the production of
conventional memory that's taking a lot
of supply out of the market and hurting
a lot of those PC and smartphone makers.
But Riley, let's bring you in now
because we were talking about capex
plans and and and capex plans being so
significant across across the tech space
generally for this coming year. Meta is
being rewarded for it. Microsoft of
course going in the other direction. But
but why is that? Yeah, that is based on
the strength of Meta's earnings today,
both in the numbers that they reported
for the fourth quarter and the
projections for the first quarter, which
beat analyst expectations easily. Um, as
for deploying cash, Meta estimated that
fullear capital expenditures will be
between 115 and 135 billion, easily
beating the 110 average analyst
estimate. I want to put that in
perspective for you though because if
Meta hits the top end of that range, it
will mean a jump of roughly 87% from
2025, which was already a record year in
which capex topped 72 billion.
>> Okay. Wow. So that that's quite a jump.
Riley, where does it money go? What's
going to be funded here?
>> Yeah. Yet another year, we're going to
see uh cash deployed to data centers and
the infrastructure that is bolstering
this AI race. That means chips, that
means talent. Um this is a year where
we're going to see Meta continue to
double down on what Mark Zuckerberg, the
CEO, is calling an effort to frontload
capacity. He's hoping to gobble up that
capacity right now in an effort to reach
that goal of super intelligence, which
is a theoretical milestone in which meta
um will see AI exceed uh human
capabilities.
>> Riley, thank you so much. Riley Griffin
there and Cha on the latest tech
earnings. In fact, to stay on that theme
here, lots more of course have been
reported. So, we talked about Microsoft,
more details on this slipping in late
trade as we just showed you earlier on.
Uh the company well spend spending took
a hit uh spending hit a record rather
and cloud growth slowing uh fueling
concerns over the payoff from its AI
investments. Now capex in the second
quarter hitting almost $ 38 billion here
that's up 66% from a year back. Now
cloud revenue rose 38% just in line with
expectations. Now Microsoft expects
similar Azour growth in the current
quarter. Tesla's another interesting
one, streamlining its vehicle portfolio
while mapping out $20 billion of
investment this year as the company
pivots to robotics and autonomous
driving. It also plans to invest about
$2 billion in Elon Musk's XAI in its EV
business. The Tesla says it's
discontinuing its Model S and X
programs. Fourth quarter sales fell 16%
from a year back, but earnings per share
of 50 cents coming in higher than
expectations. We will have more on the
outlook for Tesla later on in the show.
>> Also counting down to the open of trade
in Shanghai, Shenzhen, Hong Kong. You're
watching the China Show. Futures looking
to some slight losses at the open. More
ahead.
The US economy expanded at a solid pace
last year and is coming into 2026 on a
firm footing. There was broad support on
the committee for holding today broad.
We will see uh the effects of um of
tariffs flowing through goods prices
peaking and then starting to come down
assuming there no new major tariff
increases. I'm wondering what advice you
have for whoever your successor might
be. stay out of elected politics.
>> Okay, that was the Fed chair Jay Powell
speaking after the FMOC kick out keeping
interest rates on hold and offering some
advice of course for his successor. His
term ends in June. You look at pricing
between now and then. There doesn't seem
to be a window at which he'll be helming
of course the Fed they will deliver.
Things could change of course, but the
expectations are no move from the Fed
based market pricing all the way through
to the end of J. Powell's term. Joining
us here on set to talk us through
implications on treasuries, rate cuts
anymore, the dollar, and all things
fixed income. Joining us here on set,
Masahiku, senior fixed income strategist
at State Street Investment Management.
Good morning. Nice to see you.
>> Good morning, David.
>> Uh market sees maybe two cuts this year.
How many do you guys see?
>> We see around two to three cuts. Okay.
>> Pretty much the same. and maybe later
half the year. Okay.
>> Right. First half of the year is going
to be a pretty good year in the US just
with the all the fiscal spending coming
up. Right.
>> Right. Later half you see, you know, a
bit of this um the midterm election
coming up and then next year into next
year if Republican loses the midterm
election that might have some
implication on the fiscal spending
restraint on us. So you know we have a
bit of inflation blip in the first half
and second half you see that residing
and economy wise you see a pretty good
year in the first half you know.5 to 1%
of GDP being added from the fiscal
spending right
>> second half you see a bit of
unemployment tricking up and that's when
we see you know there will be more cuts
priced in the market
>> would that be a good representation of
the path of the dollar up slightly and
then down into into next year but I mean
we certainly seen down and then up the
last 48 hours
>> we think so right I mean like the market
has priced for two cuts right of the um
path of the Federal Reserve. That's why
market is pricing in a gradual um
downturn of the dollar. But what we
think is that you know that will
basically encourage investors to um
increase their hedge ratio.
>> That is more important, right? That's
the flow versus stock effect, right? The
flow effect is market price in whatever
near-term. Stock effect is when you go
into the longer term, midterm
fundamentals does work, um does matter.
And then there's when people start, you
know, taking up a bit of their hedge
ratio. This is what we've seen lately,
right? In um Aussie in Korean Juan,
right? MPS in Korea announced that they
will hide their hedge ratio. That helps
Korean one um in the midterm. And
Australia, you have seen the supers
coming out alluding that they will hike
their you know take up their h ratio
too, right? So this is what what's going
to happen in the next, you know, mid to
long longer term. What do you think then
when you hear the Treasury Secretary
Scott Besson touting a strong dollar
policy and then giving a different
rationale for for why it actually might
go higher from here? I I I think you
know he's basically doing a bit of
damage control right what we have done
um regarding last Friday night
especially Friday night for my time uh
or you know Friday morning in the US
which is like um the there was a red
check from the New York Federal Reserves
right on JPY um after what MOF have done
um during you know my afternoon right I
think you know they're trying to control
the narrative of market overselling yen
too right and if yen has excessive or
this order sell off that will affect JGB
and then if the longrange JGB keeps on
selling off that's not a good news for
the US too right
>> right right
>> so I I guess you know Japan has
basically talked about you with Bassin
right katayama which is um ministry of
finance has come to a conclusion
agreement that okay we will try to do
something to cool down the market
>> not let the market you know the just
cool down the speculators right the
speculative flow get it away get it out
and then you know let fundamentals work
itself into they turn 26, turn 27.
>> Okay. And do you think spec you know the
risk of intervention is that is that has
that disappeared for now? Like what
speculative expectations are they off
the table now?
>> No, it's definitely there. I mean like
you know the the line is pretty clear
the sand in you know the line in the
sand is 162 right that was when has
intervened for the past um couple years.
Right. Right.
>> So that was 16 161.9 to be exact. 162
let's put it you know rough ballpark and
I think you know when yen moved to 159
160 that's when you know came in and do
did the rate check and US came in
because you know MOF basically knew that
you know if they were to do it by
themselves
>> it's it's going to be powerless right
but then when you have US together with
you
>> look what happens to market right market
you know piling back all this you know
short um position short covering right
and this that's when you see yen went to
152 but then now it's probably up to 154
now,
>> right? So, a bit of, you know, taking um
breeder in the market and the short
covering is probably done for now.
>> Okay.
>> What happens though with the the the
election approaching and and do we see
any sort of fluctuations I guess around
that or any higher level of uncertainty?
>> Sure. I think like you know the the hype
overnight is like I I think the
sentiment on the ground in Japan is um
Takayi and LDP might actually win
majority single maturity by their own
party. So I think that will enforce the
view that you know there's more fiscal
spending coming in a responsible way of
course right fiscal discipline is still
the key that Takayachi is trying to
convey to the market and that might have
a bit of volatility into the February
8th um election in Japan. But the whole
point is right you know I think there's
a communication gap between um Takayachi
administration in the market look at
Scott Besson right he's the best
salesperson of US treasuries right
>> and when he came out US treasury come
down people stop the sell America
narrative but Japan I think we need
someone like you know the Scott Besson
moment that can actually communicate
with client and close that gap right
because Japan doesn't have a funding
problem recall 90% of Japanese debt is
funded domestically
>> period
>> so is that's always buyer right the only
thing matter is timing and yield level
pricing right
>> on on the yield I was going to ask you
about credit but on the yield level on
JGBs so you know for for the longest
time
the debt burden was not an issue because
it was locally owned but at these levels
do you think it becomes a problem in
terms of just being able to service at
that and I I just want to ask you too
like is there any value right now across
this JGB curve that you would be
advocating investors to to dip by.
>> Sure. I think to answer your first
question regarding you know the
servicing um costs right
>> right right
>> you have to look at liability versus
assets right
>> recall Japan is the one of the biggest
um creditor in the world right next
external assets is $3.7 trillion 3.5 3.7
fluctuates based on FX
>> but the whole point is you're getting a
lot of high coupon right on that $3.7
trillion
>> which is actually offsetting the
servicing cost Japan is paying
>> okay
>> right so I think like squaring ing out
um net net for now
>> no effect
>> no effect right and your second question
regarding the y level attractiveness I
think it's pretty attractive for current
current level right
>> look at tenure in JGB is trading at
>> 1 2.5 right and we started seeing real
money banks insurance companies coming
out saying that they will buy from two
when when yield is 2.5 to 3%
>> that is real right people coming out
recall Japan the banking system has $400
trillion of liquidity of cash
>> right it's a matter of time they come to
buy. Why are they not buying now?
Because they're waiting for BOJ to hike
the terminal and then no one wants to
catch falling knives in Japan especially
you know the the salary man mindset but
when you get volatility subsides that's
when they come in and that will be a
2026 um late 2026 story.
>> Gold though has still been reflecting
that shift away from from sovereign
bonds currencies concerns about Fed
independence as well. So now we're at
5,500 an ounce. It's pretty crazy. What
do you make of it? And then would you
actually find it attractive at all as an
asset right now at these sort of levels?
>> I'll give you a very good anid adult,
right? So I've been traveling in APAC um
speaking to clients. I was in Taipei
yesterday,
>> right? There's never been so much
discussion regarding gold from every
single industry. real money um long only
you know the big asset owners I think is
a rebasement rebasing of prices right
going up to 5,000 5,500
the whole point of gold there's there's
finite supply right limited supply when
when you have demand coming in
especially from central banks
>> and also there's al lot of ETF um flow
coming in so at state street investment
management we run the biggest um gold
ETF in the world GLD
>> we have been seeing um flows coming in
from you know across the spectrum right
different investors. So we think that
you know whenever go um dip right is the
mentality now is to buy on dips instead
of you know sell take profit when it
goes higher.
>> Okay. Yeah.
>> All right Masaho great to see you again
at the start of the year. That was
Masahikolu there senior fixed income
strategist at State Street Investment
Management counting down of course the
open of trade in Shanghai, Shenzhen and
Hong Kong. Futures pointing to a little
bit of weakness here. Also taking a look
at the wine reference rate at the bottom
of the screen. We'll have more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
You're watching the China show this
morning. Taking a look at what we're
going to be keeping an eye on today in
the sessions. We've got Kia Starmer of
course the UK prime minister in China to
meet with President Xi Jinping later
today. Also lots of focus on the metal
space in particular because you got
Goldman Sachs saying that the base
metals rally is at risk on weak Chinese
demand but of course precious metals is
quite a different story and we've
actually got the first ETF that's going
to give exposure to mining companies
listing in just a few minutes from now.
Yeah, we have a couple of things to
track of course and as you look at that
I mean it's it's not like we are not yet
spoiled for choice on uh proxies to get
exposure to the gold play. So one of
course is today the other one is
tomorrow amidst the market that is
pulling back a little bit following I
should mention quite a you know very
very good day in equity markets on
Wednesday. So the opening bell plus this
debut today coming up this is the China
show.
All right, welcome back. Uh, you're
watching the China Show. We're looking
at the Hanging Index, 710 to 1%, couple
of other things. Well, just to mention
what you're seeing on your screens, of
course, it's a a gold ETF uh here in the
city. Why not with spot at 5,500 right?
Uh we have I think one more tomorrow uh
which is a different iteration a
different type apart from that so gold
is up I think silver spot is closing in
in 120 uh you have this massive bounce
in the dollar following comments coming
out of Scott we haven't talked about the
Fed but there was really nothing as far
as the Fed was concerned so I guess we
can set that aside for now tech is a big
thing too though although it's largely a
non-China store at least these earnings
specifically.
Yeah, I mean the memory chip price theme
I think is consistent and something that
will have a bearing on on some of the
Chinese electronics makers for instance.
And you've also got prominent uh Chinese
memory chip makers that could be looking
to list in Hong Kong uh later this year.
But in terms of the market activity
today, yeah, it's sort of you're just
seeing it moving a little bit higher at
the open. has been well we did see some
southbound selling yesterday uh for a
fourth straight session but but overall
Chinese equities have been moving higher
across the board and you're just seeing
again lots of green here across the
screen this morning big focus on what's
happening in the metal space actually
Goldman Sachs is out with an interesting
note and they're saying that the base
metals rally is at risk on weak Chinese
demand so you could be looking at
headwinds from some of the manufacturers
in that space a bummer call from gold
>> well it is
I mean gold you can always look at gold
for instance hitting 5,500 an ounce and
of course our friends at go ahead. All
right, let's take a look at what's
happening in Hong Kong today because
again the focus you got those ETFs
that's that gold ETF making its debut of
course but starting to trade but uh
broadly we are looking a bit to the
downside actually tech space is
interesting to watch today because
you're already off more than 1% and it
would just be interesting to see any
sort of read across as we said yeah
memory chip prices is something that's
going to be having a big bearing this
year because you've got SKH highix
Samsung the big beneficiaries out of
that but certainly the more they ramp up
their HBM production the more it has an
impact on the wider DRM market nan
prices as well. There's lots of
flexibility for those suppliers in terms
of how they set their prices to their
customers. But we are just seeing there
uh down across the board today. Tesla
supplies also in focus. I think this is
a very interesting earnings report from
Tesla because they're actually pulling
back on on how many EVs they're planning
to manufacture in terms of their in
terms of their different types of EVs,
but also they're continuing to make that
shift into to to AI into robotics in
particular. So, they're asking investors
to be pretty patient with that. Uh we
are just taking a look at some of their
suppliers there. Pretty mixed moves so
far. Another uh company to track as well
because we've got Mu Yuan Foods here.
This is one of the world's biggest pig
breeders and pork producers and uh yeah,
watching their their listing there, but
they're seeking up to $1.4 billion in
that. So, it's going to be their second
listing in Hong Kong. Could raise as
much as 10.7 billion Hong Kong dollars.
And then also David still still tracking
what's happening in the metal space as
we said today. Yeah, I still recall it
was a few days before Christmas and we
were seeing calls on silver at 70 and
folks were saying, you know what, that
looks a bit expensive. Silver was toppy
at 70. Well, guess guess what? We're at
120 now and we're barely about a month
from that from that call as we were
pointing out, right? So, spot gold
hitting a fresh record today. Don't
sleep on this pickup we're seeing in the
commodity space with Shanghai crude of
course following that move that we had
on Brent which at 69 effectively puts
Brent crude at the highest since late uh
late July. But yeah, let's circle back
to gold because why not? Everyone is uh
everyone is scrambling for anything that
resembles gold these days, right?
Everything from ETFs to actual jewelry
to miners.
>> It was a very big topic of conversation
during AF. Mhm.
>> Uh when this gold Hong Kong has a gold
trading hub came up quite a lot. It's a
priority at the government. Um I think
there's a gold vault that they're
talking about at the airport which is
50% of the capacity. And then the other
50% is some obviously they can't tell us
where that gold vault is going to be,
but suffice to say
>> look for clues.
>> Yes, we we can look for clues. We know
who to ask, but they won't even tell us.
But it's okay. Um just on that story
right they're also looking at the
bolstering the trading platforms uh on
the exchange I think we heard from
Bonnie Chan equities has been a very big
part IPOs and everything else
commodities like gold futures and today
we just showed you of course that live
that live pictures coming out of the
exchange hing gold ETF here in Hong Kong
today among this is the latest offering
in fact for investors that want to get
exposure to the bling bling joining us
here on set Rebecca Sin our ETF analyst
to talk us through
this one specifically today.
What are we getting into today? Um, and
how much is it going to cost investors
too?
>> So, this is the fifth gold ETF that's
listing on Hong Kong Exchange. After
tomorrow, there will be six. But Hang
has listed a physical gold ETF at only
40 basis points. So, this is the
cheapest gold ETF that's available. But
what's unique about this ETF is that you
can redeem it back in physical gold. So,
you buy the ETF and you can go to HSang
Bank and get physical gold back. And so,
this is the only ETF that offers this
unique feature. And because it's done by
HSang Investments, you can redeem the
ETF at the bank and get a physical gold
back. And so, this is very, very
interesting because we've never had an
ETF like this. Um, it's only 40 basis
points, 100% backed by physical gold.
And as you know, gold is up 28% in just
the past two weeks.
>> Exactly. So,
>> it's crazy. That statistic still blows
my mind.
>> It really does. It really does because
even we were talking about 5,000 and
5,000 now you just blow right past that
to 5,500. I what are what are the flows
then showing us around gold in general.
>> So gold is at a record level and
normally when you see an asset class hit
record level you expect some outflows
people to profit take but we've actually
seen the opposite which was very
surprising. So year to date, uh, we've
seen roughly $16 billion in assets go
into gold ETFs globally. And so this is
a record number. And what's interesting
of of this is if we look at the top 10
ETF inflows for gold, five of them are
listed in mainland China. So this just
shows you how much there how much demand
there is coming from the region. And
historically, as Federal Reserve
increase rates, um, you often see gold
prices go up. And so this year, no
surprise there that we're seeing an
increase. But as um central banks have
been increasing their gold reserves
since 2022, uh the top holders of gold
after the US, Germany is really in Asia
Pacific. So you have mainland China,
Japan, and India as the top holders of
physical gold. And so from a flow
perspective, we're hitting record
numbers. People are increasing. And so
this ETF is very timely in that it's at
uh where gold prices are trading and the
flows are at both at record level. And
one thing that's unique is I think uh
Goldman Sachs mentioned this week that
they expect gold to hit around 5,5500
to 6,000. Bloomberg Intelligence expect
gold to stay around the 5,000 so above
5,000 this year. So it's very timely for
this ETF and it should do quite well in
the region because one Asians love gold.
Gold is often times in an asset class
and the mainland China is the third
largest holder of physical gold.
>> Okay, Rebecca, thank you so much. Uh
Rebecca Sin there of course who looks at
this space very very closely our ETF
analyst. What a time to be alive uh when
you look at this gold ETF. Okay. Uh
we're looking at the benchmark right
now. We're about 7 minutes going on 7
minutes to the cash market session here.
CSI 300 MSEI China hanging index coming
up on your screens. When you look at
these numbers, just keep in mind I'm
going to bark out some other numbers
too. 30,000 on HSI,
5,300 on the CSI 300
um and 99 on MSEI China. Those are the
targets coming through out of city on
the benchmarks for 2026. Joining us here
on set to talk us through those calls
and how you express those trades.
Joining us here is Pier Laauo, China
equity strategist at City Research. Very
nice to see you.
>> Nice meeting you.
>> So you bullish looking at the targets
themselves.
>> Uh how do we how are you looking at
market leadership this year? What are
the what are the places to be in? Well,
this year 2026 is a special year. It
will be the first year of our 155 year
period. So the first thing that we
should look at is the 155 year plan and
from that perspective we are more
positive in to some sector like tech.
And then uh secondly export is still
something that we are very interested
in. China is a big country is not easy
to be replaced by other country because
China has a lot of industry very
comprehensive value chain and also uh we
have high degree of automations using
more robotic so that also boosts China
export and then uh thirdly is basic
material you mentioned the bogo a
moments ago so basic material is also an
area that we are seeing continuous
earning upwardations so these three
aspect I think we can be more positive
in 2026 six
>> and and drilling down into tech in
particular, which which areas of the
market stand out to you?
>> Well, tech there are several different
sector you can uh divide them into a
semiconductor. Um the uh the the uh
telecommunications,
software, hardware, something like that.
Uh the area that we are more interested
in are semiconductor. The reason is that
we are expecting China uh or the Chinese
government want to have more
localization to support our
semiconductor development. Obviously
over the last five year China have a lot
of obstacle in terms of bringing or
importing uh high level of semiconductor
into China and that's why the Chinese
government want to have more
self-development research and R&D so
that we can have more local supply uh to
ease the bottleneck. uh that's also the
area that uh you can expect more policy
support and for stock market obviously
uh we want to have more government
support uh in terms of the area that we
are interested in and semiconductor is
the things that we like
>> okay uh on a benchmark basis I'm curious
what is the what is the earnings
forecast from city as far as growth and
the bulk of that will be coming from
what sector specifically
>> earning growth this year will be
exciting um we forecast that the EPS
growth for Hangen this year will be
acceler accelerated to 9.1%. Much better
than 2.2% last year and the biggest
earning operations come from two aspect.
One is from the internet sector.
Internet sector uh you might recall that
last year there were a lot of
competitions in particular related to
food delivery business. So some company
they have earning cut last year but this
year we expect that they will resume
having earning growth. Um obviously they
will have a lower earning base uh from
the pool performance last year.
>> And the other area that we are seeing
continual up earning reation is the
basic material whether it's related to
copper, aluminium, gold, uh silver etc.
>> Interesting on that because Goldman as
we've been discussing this call out from
Goldman Sachs but they're actually
saying that that the rally that we've
had in base metals could face well could
face headwinds essentially but softer
demand may come across from China. So
you don't you don't see that being the
case?
>> Well, uh I think for uh uh demand from
China, um we are talking about some
specific area. For example, we are not
talking about all kind of basic material
to have uh increase in prices. For
instance, if you talk about steel, uh
cement, property market in China are not
very good. So they are not booming at
the moment. But other area we talk about
copper aluminum these are the area that
you can see a lot of demand in
particular for parkway development uh
infrastructure development we are having
accelerated electricity demand glo
demand group globally so that's why uh I
think for uh some uh uh uh type of metal
like copper aluminum the demand will
remain strong
>> there was a research note from
internally earlier I was reading it this
as an example this rise in silver prices
might hit solar for example that uses
some of that metal and I'm curious you
know someone else's earnings becomes
someone else's margin compression right
so this pickup in commodity prices are
there specific sectors where you think
margin compression is something we need
to watch because of that cost pressure
>> yeah that's very good question so uh we
are expecting margin cut in some areas
such as uh for energy so system producer
uh because of increase in battery prices
result from higher lithium prices
>> and then uh for other area like you
mentioned the solar panel maker because
of increase in silver prices and uh this
maker are now trying to use less silver
so as to reduce the cost but I think
it's difficult to offset all kind of
increments um and some other area for
instance uh the kofi power plant
operator they are also facing increase
in coal prices etc. So uh that's why
there quite a number of sector that we
are seeing margin reductions in first
half this year compared to second half
last year.
>> What's your what's your thinking around
uh where the Chinese yuan goes as well?
>> You mean uh exchange rate?
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Exchange rate. Um we are expecting uh
R&B to appreciate versus US dollar this
year. But the interesting thing is that
if you look at uh what happened last
year, last year uh R&B also appreciate
versus US dollar but depreciate versus
some other currency like sterling pound,
Australian dollar etc. That's right. So
that's why we don't feel that uh because
R&B will appreciate versus US dollar
that would affect China export a lot.
China export now has become much more
geographically diversified. last year
only 13% go to the US and instead the
biggest two uh regions uh a Southeast
Asia uh around 17% and Europe 15%. And
that's why despite uh uh we are
expecting R&B to appreciate versus
dollar this year uh we are still
confident to China export
>> the so I think three things have stood
out in terms of you know the the three
areas to be in right so as you point out
it's almost the same as last year tech
you have materials
um and maybe financials because of the
dividend so I'm curious in terms of how
if the soft parts of the economy start
to improve right so things like consump
consumption in housing. How does do you
think the market will rotate as far as
market leadership is concerned be beyond
beyond what's really been the bright
spot which is tech and everything that
we just talked about?
>> Well, I also hope the uh weakest links
to be improved but uh this time in fact
uh you can see that we are still
cautious on uh consumer. Okay.
>> Um
about 70 to 80% of the consumption are
still um uh from those old economy. So
uh that's why I think the uh uh for
among the consumption player maybe only
the those related to new economy have
better growth but not the others uh old
older one
>> and property sector we are still
cautious because high infantry in China
Hong Kong may be a bit better um and
hence I think uh the investment for 2026
uh we are still more uh niche oriented
so that's why we focus on uh the 15y
year plan we focus on export we focus on
basic material
Pier fantastic. Thank you so much. Let's
talk again soon. You guys are just
across the street. So quite uh quite an
easy tread.
>> Easy.
>> Easy. Pier la there, China equity
strategist at City Research. Coming up
here on shows, uh Prime Minister Pierce
Armor is set to meet President Xi
Jinping in Beijing today, pledging to
pursue a more mature relationship. We'll
look at what's topping his agenda coming
up next. This is the China Show.
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. UK Prime Minister, there he is. Or
there he was at least, of course, coming
through on his arrival uh into China.
Kier promising to seek a more mature
relationship with the Chinese. That's
ahead of talks today in Beijing with
Chinese President Xi Jinping. Minimman
Law, our China correspondent, is here to
talk us through the initial positive
tone coming through here out of the out
of Kier.
>> Yeah, a very positive tone right from
the get-go. One of his first remarks was
with the delegation that accompanied
him. So, he spoke at the lobby of his
hotel telling the delegation that they
are making history as he's embarking on
this change. He has said before he's
trying to end this so-called ice age
that the Tory government has brought
about with with China and he's really
trying to go on this two-pronged
approach right on the one hand he's
acknowledging some of the national
security risks or threat that China is
posing but on the other hand also saying
that UK needs to do the responsible
thing and continue to engage with China
even if they disagree and especially
because the UK economy is shrinking it's
experiencing high inflation and he
really wants to improve those investment
ties and create links with China.
>> What is uh what could be expected though
on a concrete basis cuz this is going to
be a bit of a test as well.
>> Yeah, so we'll be looking out for size
and scope of any sort of trade deal uh
from this trip. Analysts are not
expecting any comprehensive free trade
agreement because of potential
retaliation from President Trump. We
could see peace meal agreements, company
to company agreement. We are already
expecting at least one energy deal
between the top power company in the UK
uh entering into a strategic partnership
with a Chinese power company to start uh
building a trading power trading
platform and that is an important foray
into a sector that for a long time has
been highly regulated. So there are
trade agreements, climate change areas
we're looking at. Of course, the diff
the other bucket is the geopolitics,
right? Ukraine, Taiwan, Jimmyi, these
are areas where we're not likely to see
forward progress. Um, but another
symbolic move that China could possibly
offer is also vis
because this would then put the UK on
par with many other countries that
increasingly are uh enjoying visa-free
travel to China.
>> Yeah, be interesting, of course, cuz
China's uh exports to the UK hit a
record last year as well. So any kind of
concerns about exporting over capacity
or how they get around that. But that
was our Bloomberg China correspondent
there Mim Lo and we've got lots more
ahead actually on Kama's meeting with Xi
Jinping coming up today. We have the
China Britain Business Council chief
executive that's Peter Bernett who's
joining us from Beijing in just a few
minutes time from now. More ahead. This
is Bloomberg.
Here are some of the stories that we're
following this morning. Senate Democrats
are demanding new curbs on President
Trump's immigration crackdown in
exchange for their votes to avert a
looming US government shutdown. The
demands include restraints on use of
force, a ban on masking agents, use of
body cameras, and better cooperation
with local law enforcement. Anger's
grown after ICE agents shot and killed
two people in Minneapolis.
President Trump has warned Iran to make
a nuclear deal with the US or face
military strikes even worse than last
year's. In a social media post, Trump
says the fleet he's ordered to the
region led by an aircraft carrier is f
ready to fulfill its mission with speed
and violence if necessary. Iran's UN
mission responded on X, warning, if
pushed, the country will defend itself
and respond like never before.
Canada says energy and critical minerals
will be the cornerstone of a new trade
ties with of new trade ties rather with
India. That's as the two nations rebuild
ties or relations after a diplomatic
rift. The Canadian energy minister spoke
with Bloomberg at India energy week in
Goa. That's about their deal to expand
trade in oil and gas. Here's what he had
to say about India's growing power
demand in a great opportunity rather for
Canada
>> in the the process of uh significantly
increasing our export capabilities in
critical minerals
>> uh in LNG in LPG
uh in conventional oil in uranium. We're
meeting with your uh company so that
they understand what's happening in
Canada and we're laying the framework so
those private sector companies can do
the the transactions.
>> One market we're tracking uh as things
get underway in the next hour in a
couple of minutes effectively will be
Indonesia following one of the worst
days on price 7.3%
to the downside. uh I think the single
biggest day since dropped since of
course April of last year liberation day
but it's really uh at on par really with
some of the worst days covid hit you had
the global financial crisis uh coming
through you had the Bali bombings in
early 2000s to the Asian financial
crisis so similar drop in terms of the
price moves of course it was just one
day so we'll see what happens on day two
some of the big players and the big
banks and the big stocks of course that
really took a massive hit on the back of
this Msei warning and of course they're
giving them some time to uh maybe
address some of those issues. UBS coming
out and saying they've underweight of
course the uh they've cut Indonesia
stocks from neutral to uh too neutral
from overweight. Uh and just in terms of
market cap the data has just come
through uh nearly 80 billion in market
cap was wiped out. That's a record
amount because the market is of course
much much bigger today than it was a
couple of years ago.
>> Yeah. But they've got that timeline as
you said. They've got to have made these
changes by May of this year. So you do
have that sort of countdown now. It's
just the problem is a lot of these
issues like things like tightly held
ownership of listed companies could take
months to resolve as well. But more
ahead, this is Bloomberg.
Welcome back to the China show. Taking a
look at the Hangen half an hour into the
session this morning. It is very much a
down arrow story. So we're seeing losses
here across the board, but actually if
you look at the the 80 constituents
around three and four are in the red
this morning.
>> Okay. So decent amount of negative
breath um actually reversing the almost
a mirror effect of what happened
yesterday. I think we ended up 2 and 12%
if not more on Hen. In fact, at still at
these levels with the declines, we're
still above
>> the trading range in recent months. So,
we have managed to break above that and
we'll see if we uh manage to hold above
it in in the coming days as we approach
of course the the long holiday that's
coming up in about 2 and 1/2 weeks from
now. Uh just a glance of some of the
sectors we're tracking early on. rare
earths and as you can see on the screens
very very you will see on the screens
very shortly on the up some price
support out of the US or less price
support uh to qualify that out of the US
we're looking at casinos too should be
declining today maybe across the board
let's get that up just so we can see
that the parent of Sands China to Las
Vegas Sands of course fourth quarter
number showing profits in Macau
specifically missing analyst
expectations so that's unsurprising that
stock among The rest of course feeling
the the biggest pinch there today. Uh
one market that is coming online. We're
focused on this 7% drop into the close.
We are oh we're down to four to 4% uh in
Jakarta this morning. Uh the latest UBS
downgrading the market from overweight
to neutral following the call coming out
of Goldman that's come out there. Msei
of course coming out with some concerns.
They're giving regulators a few months
to try and address that as we try and
get to understand really what that means
and whether or not they will be able to
meet the timetable. It's keep in mind
this market has also rallied quite
substantially in recent years. Investors
sort of selling first and they're asking
questions later here. Bel.
>> Yeah, it's quite crazy though that that
Indonesia is a top story for us today
when you think about we're also coming
off a Fed decision and it just sort of
>> Oh, that's right. That was today, wasn't
it?
>> Tells you. I mean maybe it's just we're
calling it a bit of a non-event.
Exactly. But but still just to recap
that decision. So it was a state another
hold or hold essentially but but
approved on a 10 to2 vote. So two
denters we had governors Chris Waller me
as well but pal citing a clearly
improving outlook for the US economy and
then signs
>> which is a good thing.
>> Well that is a good thing and then signs
that that the job market rather is
stabilizing.
>> Yeah. So I think you had that hold and
the guidance that maybe no cuts for the
next few months and then you had
separately the comments coming out of
the US Treasury Secretary
>> around the dollar and to rephrase uh how
our guest in the previous hour uh
mentioned did a bit of damage control of
course compared to I think what the the
the damage we saw in the dollar
following the US president's comments of
you know the weakness is not something
that uh uh disturbs him just to rephrase
that too. Okay. Um, apart from that,
tech earnings of course is this
confluence, literal confluence of big
earnings coming through out of the US
and in the Asia Pacific, the two Korean
big Korean companies of course also came
out with uh their results there, Bill.
>> Yeah. So, we got to get to to SKH and
also Samsung because these two are
basically neck and neck when it comes to
to HBM in particular. So SKHIX has been
the leader in HBM so far, but we're at
HBM 4 now and and uh they're actually
saying SKH that they're into full scale
production of their HBM 4 product that
Samsung rather saying that uh also uh
Meta, Microsoft, Tesla, IBM, all of the
other numbers. But I think we just got
to get back to to Indonesia given we're
seeing that stock benchmark essentially
just extending its route this morning.
>> Yeah. Okay. Okay, so we're looking at a
further 5% drop on the benchmark itself.
In terms of negative breath, most the
majority of stocks are, as you can
imagine, on the way down. So at these
levels, we'd be entering a technical
correction on the specific benchmark
just after 2 days. We're now down 13.5%
from the peak uh early this month. Uh
let's bring in Lenting 2 now. In fact,
she's standing by to just take us
through how we're looking at uh the
market today following just the absolute
collapse in prices and the wealth
destruction that's taking place there in
Indonesia. Uh Leing, how is your team
looking at this today? Day two.
>> Yeah. Yeah. It's it's it's it's rather
shocking. I think after having one day
to digest the MS MCI news, investors as
you guys were mentioned uh on the from
the sales side actually UBS and Goldman
Sachs both came out to downgrade
Indonesia markets and Goldman actually
put a specific number on the potential
outflows if Indonesia indeed was
reclassified from emerging markets to
frontier market status and the number
possibly the big number is$8 billion
dollar worth of outflows and that is
just the you know passive side from the
MCI but you know Footsie also has their
Ind Indonesia index and if MSCI made
that decision we are expecting to see
almost $6 billion from the passive flow
tracking the Footsie index so there is a
lot of money at stake right now and if
you look at just overall sentiment I
think people are just now you know
really being reminded that Indonesia's
uh free float or concentrated
shareholding is really a big governance
risk for uh not just local but
especially the global investors and the
ripple effect is could be you know going
into the bond market as well because you
know in the bond market people are also
looking at the governance issue central
bank independence so this if the equity
ripple goes into the bond market then
we'll see a whole lot of global fund
manager outflows
>> yeah on that point because we know that
that Indonesia has this deadline they've
actually got to made sufficient progress
by May and you think that's really only
4 months away. It's not that much time
really. So just how widespread does the
damage get from here and what sort of
further losses are investors expecting
do you think?
>> Yeah, I think right now it's just panic
selling, right? We don't know, you know,
how how long it will take for the panic
stage to to finish. But you know for the
people that we're speaking to right now
a lot of people are actually cautioning
against buying the dip right and holding
on to only the blue chip best quality
names. So I think right now we'll
probably see a couple more days of
selling. Um for MCI I think you know the
the Jakarta side the government side can
actually do something to stem the
losses. For example they could come out
to say that we're going to up the bar
for free float requirement. Currently
it's at 7.5% and that is really low
compared to the neighboring countries
like Thailand 15% or Hong Kong at 25%.
So sort of an immediate decisive step
taken by uh authorities there could
possibly revert the sentiment.
So aside from from Indonesia, aside from
from the the gold rally, aside from the
dollar story as well, tech is the other
big theme that we're tracking today.
Lots of earnings out from the US. We had
them from Asia as well. What what themes
are attracting most of your attention
today?
>> Yeah, today is a big profit taking day
on tech. Of course, you guys were
mentioning SK Hinx, Samsung both had
blockbuster earnings and meta earnings
not bad and even Microsoft ex announced
a big capex spending. So netn net net
all these capex spending from the US
hyperscalers should really benefit uh
Korean and Japanese and Taiwan uh sort
of infrastructure you know the kind of
tech gear makers but right now because
it's also the month end people are
looking to lock in all these gains so
this is the profit uh the result season
provided that kind of opportunity and we
only have one trading day left so I
think from today and tomorrow we
probably see more downside risk
Lean Ting, thanks so very much for
joining us this morning. That was
Bloomberg's Leant Ting too there. And
>> I think what was a really interesting
thing that came out of the earnings and
you sort of heard that being referenced
across a couple of different calls. You
heard it from Microsoft for instance.
You heard it from Tesla, the boss as
well, Elon Musk, is that memory chips
are actually becoming a bigger
constraint than AI chips. That's exactly
what Elon Musk said in the earnings
call. So, it just really goes to that
story of of SKH Highix, Samsung, how we
could be entering even a multi-year
cycle now for memory chip prices to to
to go even higher essentially. But
taking a look at some of those Tesla
suppliers in China because we did have
overall the EV maker reporting some
better than expected numbers. So, it's
also saying it needs to build a chip
factory of its own and it's mapping out
$20 billion of investment this year.
Yeah, the EV pioneer of course also
revealing plans his $2 billion
investment in XAI. In fact, Danny Lee,
our transport reporter, is here with us
to talk us through this transformation.
Of course, Danny, now Tesla is looking
less like a pure car company and more
like an AI play. Just help us through
the language that that's coming from
Elon Musk on that front.
>> Yeah, that $20 billion that they're
looking to spend this year, it's going
to be a huge investment that the CFO of
Tesla had outlined. And you know it's
actually a surprise to the markets
because they were expecting uh an
investment on on capex of around half of
that number. And so uh you know as you
said the that pivot to focus on being a
more autonomous AIdriven company they're
going to be spending on six new
production lines. So things such as its
refinery uh on the cyber cab on the
Optimus robot uh and and earmarking
money on on XAI as well. So there's a
lot of focus on that on stuff like robo
taxis that will drive it towards that
future and to support the valuations
that the market is seeing it as. But
then also on top of that you see it's
pairing back on these EV products. It's
streamlining its products. So it's going
to be getting rid of the Model S and the
Model X. These are two low volume
highric products uh that you know the
consumers probably don't really need or
want. And so therefore, it's going to be
doing away with that and therefore
doubling its efforts on other priorities
uh that will see its future to be a more
kind of autonomous uh driven firm.
>> We did see the stock move higher in late
trade. Why was that exactly? One of the
things I find curious about Tesla is
that you're taking away the the number
of EVs that you're going to have for
sale. You've already got to grapple with
a slowdown in the EV market and and and
consumers preferring other ones. At the
same time, it's intensely competitive in
the humanoid space. It's intensely
competitive in the AI model space as
well. So, why do investors like that
that that narrative around uh Tesla to
that extent?
>> I think in the short term, the fact that
Tesla was able to break its uh decline
in quarterly profitability. Um so there
is that momentum uh seeing that results
look a little bit better than expected.
Clearly when you look at the future Elon
Musk has said that uh the only
competition he sees in in the humanized
robots wars is from China and we've
already seen what China has done on the
EV side of things. So I think um for the
meantime the fact that these results
were a lot better than Wall Street had
expected given the the loss in some key
revenue streams around uh subsidies on
EVs. This is not too bad even though we
saw its first ever decline in annual
revenue. So I think there is optimism.
Even though Musk is going to have to
spend a lot or Tesla is going to have to
spend a lot, it still has 44 billion in
cash investments to fund that 20 billion
is going to be spending this year. And
of of course, who knows how much more
it's going to have to spend if it wants
to build its own semiconductor factory.
>> Danny, thank you so much. Danny Lee
there, our our transport reporter. While
Danny was just talking there, we we were
just monitoring as well simultaneously
this massive route in Indonesia, which
is gaining traction right now. down over
6% now on the benchmark. We're about no
we have just taken out uh the 7,800 on
the JCI. Uh this chart that's coming up
on your screens will just highlights the
the magnitude and the velocity of this
drop in the benchmark itself. Over the
course of just let's call it a little
over a full trading session because
we're just 10 minutes into day two.
We've cut through two moving averages.
We are about to take out the 200 day on
the JCI over just two days and we are
set to enter a correction. Anything more
slightly more. So we're down about 14
15% from the recent peak. We're a bad
day away from this one entering a bare
market over the course of just a couple
just to underscore how quickly things
have have unraveled here in Indonesia.
>> Yeah. And certainly in this environment
of of panic selling that seems very
feasible. But uh we'll have more on that
of course ahead and and in the meantime
as well we've got the UK Prime Minister
Kia Starama set to meet President Xi in
Beijing later. So we're
>> pledging or we're seeing that pledge
rather from from Kama to pursue a more
mature relationship as well with with
the mainland. We speak live next to a
member of the British delegation. This
is Bloomberg.
The UK Prime Minister K Starmmer is
promising to seek a more mature
relationship with China. That's ahead of
today's talks in Beijing with President
Xiingping. Star told a delegation of
some 60 leaders of British businesses
and cultural institutions that the UK
has a responsibility to repair ties with
China. Let's uh bring in Peter Bernett,
chief executive at the China Britain
Business Council, which is part of
Star's delegation of course as we enter
a the first full day of activities.
Peter, thank you so much and good
morning from from Hong Kong.
Suffice to say, expectations are on the
higher side relative to recent years. U
help us manage expectations
realistically optimistic. How would you
describe um how would you describe this
specific delegation this trip?
I think it's pretty optimistic that
we've got around 60 delegates here um
from 60 different businesses um you know
ranging from the very big the HSBC uh
Astroenica
um pharmaceuticals all the way down to
um you know some smaller companies
Brmpton bikes for example which has a
very big business in China um and then
there's this cultural delegation as well
uh which I think is pretty important so
representative It is from museums, from
art galleries, from performing arts, uh
from opera, uh you know, from uh from
across the the spectrum of uh of
activity uh in the UK.
>> We have seen British companies concerned
about about things like opaque crossber
data rules. There's been tariffs in
certain areas like whiskey for instance,
some restricted access. What would be
some of the top wish list items then
that the businesses that you speak with
would actually be looking to to to
achieve?
>> Yeah, we would love to see tariffs come
down and I hope we will see some
announcements on that. Um we we we can't
preempt any of that because those
announcements will happen I think later
today and tomorrow. Um but I mean
clearly uh access for you know the
whiskey um business uh in uh in Scotland
uh which already uh has a uh has a
sizable market here in China would be
very very helpful. Um but it's not just
whiskey. Uh I think if we can move to
less friction in services more generally
u greater market access uh because
services is a big component of the UK
economy. Um it's been recognized in the
15th 5-year plan as a growth area for
China. So there's a very natural
combination of the two if you like. Um
and I hope we see um we we probably
won't see you know full announcements on
frictions being lifted but we'll see
some progress I hope uh towards a
possible dialogue um around trade and
services and services is
>> we're just showing a
>> sorry carry on
>> no continue
>> no I was saying services is not just
financial services and legal services
and accounting services uh and
consulting services but it does include
the creative industries It includes
hospitality. Um uh it's anything which
doesn't you know require you to send a
good uh or or a product across border
a physical line.
>> We were just showing a chart there Peter
uh looking at at the trade surplus with
Britain because essentially that hit a
record last year and and there's lots of
of Chinese products that are essentially
entering the UK market. Is that a
concern at all uh that that British
businesses are also bringing as part of
this delegation?
>> Well, I think the British uh delegation
would like to see more exports of their
products into China. There's no doubt
about that. Um and hopefully some of
these frictions that can be removed to
uh provide greater access will be part
of the arrangements. Um but at the end
of the day uh I don't think there's a
huge amount of concern about the
imbalance. Uh the UK exports about 45
billion uh pounds worth of goods to
China every year. Um it's uh it's the
the relationship the total trade
relationships makes uh China UK the
third largest commercial trade
relationship uh after the US and the EU.
So it's an incredibly important
relationship and an opportunity to
expand more and it's a little known fact
that actually coming back to the
services question the United Kingdom
actually has a surplus in uh in trade in
services with China. Um and the fact
that the Chinese now want to open up
services
and develop services um for uh for for
their domestic market I think is a huge
opportunity for growth in uh in the
services industry for the United
Kingdom.
Peter, part of the relationship has
really been
let's call it in the past more robust
people exchanges and you know a lot of
Chinese students
uh call the UK of course their home and
you know I wonder in terms of the flow
of student to some of you know Britain's
finest institutions
u how much of that is a feature in these
talks right now I I imagine some of them
are part of your of your council and
what is the outlook as far as the the
flow of students are concerned.
>> It still remains pretty positive. I
think the UK has been a beneficiary from
policies in some other countries around
the world to close off or to reduce
access to tertiary education. Um, and
you know, it's a very welcoming, the
universities are very welcoming to not
just Chinese uh students to be honest,
but the Chinese student cohort is very
large in the United Kingdom and a very
important component of the way
universities function today. I don't
really see that declining. Um you have
to be a good university now. Uh you have
to be sort of in the top 100 or so to be
able to attract those students. Um but
the other very interesting development I
think is this transnational education as
well. So these are universities in the
UK that are now moving in campuses in
China. Um and that is I think a
developing area uh for tertiary
education. So we've seen it in Lingbo,
with Nottingham University, in Sujo,
with Liverpool. Um, and there are more
of those, I think, potentially uh
coming. And that allows, of course,
Chinese students to get an education, a
tertiary education with a a with a UK
qualification, but not to leave China.
So, um, you know, I think that's
becoming a more attractive alternative.
And Peter, what about the other side in
terms of the, you know, the British
community in mainland China, whether
that's expats, diplomats, students,
tourists, and maybe along line along the
same lines of that question, do you
think we will get visa-free access
announced at some point today?
>> Well, that is the big question and we've
got our fingers, we got all our digits
crossed.
Um, I mean, the UK is an outlier at the
moment. Uh, and we would definitely
welcome that. The conversations I've had
with Chinese officials at uh Ministry of
Commerce, for example, they are fully
supportive of this uh of this next step.
But of course, it's not in their gift.
Uh but anybody involved in commerce,
anybody involved in business obviously
wants to be able to see uh uh a freer
flow of people cross border particularly
in the business community because that's
the way you get to know each other.
That's the way you deal deals gets and
it's certainly true formemes you know
who who want to come to China they need
to be able to turn around very quickly
and not have um uh you know not have the
restrictions on visas. So fingers
crossed
>> okay all all digits are as you were
pointing out. Peter thank you for
spending some time with us this morning.
and Peter Bernett, their chief executive
at the China Britain Business Council in
Beijing, ahead of a very busy agenda by
the looks of it here uh on the ground
there. Just very quickly, we'll pivot
back to Indonesia where the market route
as you can see is extending even
further. We're now down 7.6%
uh on the benchmark. You couple that
with a similar loss yesterday, let's
call it over 15, maybe 16% at this point
here on the JCI. So over the course of
what 2 days we've taken out the 50 the
100 and just now the 200 day moving
average on the benchmark is that we are
poised to enter a technical correction a
little bit further that actually becomes
could become a bare market. We'll see
what happens. Plenty more ahead.
Right, welcome back. A check of markets
in the Philippines. So, this one opened,
of course, an hour back. About 25
minutes or so, we had the GDP numbers
coming through and as you can see, it's
still growing, but it was quite a miss
relative to estimates. Second time
actually that it's missed estimates and
at 3%. If you think about it, that's
about a three four year low as far as
growth is concerned. Uh they've also
lowered their GDP targets for this and
next year. Explains why things are
underperforming there in Manila today.
>> Yeah. What's outperforming though is
actually China property stocks because
we have been seeing those gain today.
It's a story or some reporting we're
getting from Beijing news and they're
saying that uh developers will no longer
be required by the regulator to submit
monthly so-called three red lines
indicators. There's quite a few details
to that, but essentially it's it's
policy makers that introduced debt
metrics in 2020 that set limits for
developers seeking to borrow more. So
essentially saying that those have been
removed now according to local media.
But you are seeing of course a very
outsized reaction so far in the session
today. More ahead. This is Bloomberg.
All right, we're about 30 minutes into
day two. Um, and it's not looking good.
In fact, at the at the loss at, you
know, this current level of price losses
right now on the JCI. We're actually in
worse shape compared to day one. Uh,
where we did manage to close relatively
speaking, of course, just over 7%. Now
we're now down 8% as far as trading halt
of course there. And yeah, things are
just, pardon my French, just getting
tossed out the window
>> today following what was already a
record wipeout on market cap yesterday.
Right. So in terms of just the size of
losses on a monetary basis, close to 80
billion in market cap was wiped out on
Wednesday. Uh we'll you know we'll have
to wait a further day or two before we
get damage report for today but suffice
to say we've cut through 50 100 200 day
moving averages and it looks like we are
set to enter a technical correction
after just two days here. Yeah, I was
interested with your uh pardon my French
because I could have thought of a way
more colorful expression to describe
what's happening in Indonesia
>> world live TV. But yes,
>> but no, it's a big question of course
cuz they've got to be making these
reforms by May of this year. So, so is
that possible? And right now you're just
sort of seeing panic selling
essentially. Uh the question is I guess
how far lower will we go from here given
that a lot of the investors Bloomberg's
been speaking to are saying this is not
a dip buying opportunity.
>> Yeah, absolutely not. Yeah. Don't don't
you know I I I don't need to lay out
what the French is really. I'm saving
that really because I would imagine
everyone on the ground invested in this
market is probably saying a lot more
fruitful fruitful ways to describe the
price action.
>> Let's get more of that now. Bring in
Moit Mapuri. He's senior partner at SGMC
Capital. So Moit, you're someone with
direct exposure uh to to Indonesian
equities. So what exactly is your
initial reaction to this and and as well
how are you riding out the storm?
>> Thanks for having me Annabelle and
David. I'll also pardon my French uh
today on live TV. Uh what we're seeing
in Indonesia today, it's it's not a
macro shock. I think that that's
something I want to highlight. It's an
index and technical shock as you've
pointed out. Yesterday's selloff and
today's is driven primarily by Msei
placing uh Indonesia on probation until
May as it reviews how this free float is
calculated. So this has obviously
unsettled markets because it introduces
uncertainty around potential passive
outflows. uh not because Indonesia's
fundamentals has suddenly uh changed. Um
so in terms of uh reviewing it, am I
panic selling? Uh no, I am not panic
selling. I think historically in the
past if we have seen even September 2025
when we've had massive index shocks, uh
investors have actually been rewarded
for stepping in. Um the monthly I mean
you've you've highlighted the 200 day
moving average 100 day being breached
but actually on the monthly and
quarterly um all the alignment on the
index is is still a buy at the moment.
So I would like to see 7,500 on the
index hold uh before uh before reacting
into any further.
>> Okay. So so Moit just to clarify you
haven't sold anything since yesterday.
Just to just to close a loop
specifically on that one. Uh no, I
haven't sold uh stocks since yesterday.
But having said that, you know, I think
the last time we came on uh Bloomberg uh
back in September when uh when the poor
buyer was stepped in, you know, we were
aggressive buyers back then. So we were
sitting on relatively good gains. Of
course, that has now been um been wiped
out. But uh you know, we did did take
some profits off the table early in Jan
when the markets went up excessively and
hit year highs. So we did take some
profits off the table then, but since
then we haven't actually um we haven't
actually sold anything on the on this uh
Msei news. We will in fact be looking to
to add u in the near future.
>> No. Okay. Well, that that was my next
question. If if you haven't bought
already, I wondering if you could be
more specific, if you could, of course,
in terms of what you're what you're
eyeing specifically.
Um I think in the meantime of course we
want to avoid uh names that will be
susceptible to more passive outflows. So
while the banks for example look really
um good from a dividend yield
perspective as well as from a price
point perspective um they are more
susceptible to more outflows if things
don't materialize. So things like bank
BCA, BNI, BARRI those are all um massive
casualties in terms of passive outflows.
So we would be looking more uh at those
stocks that have more fundamental
earnings visibility as well as less uh
foreign um uh less foreign exposure. So
in that case uh we won't have that
impact uh should MSEI rule unfavorably
in May.
>> Yeah. Because at that point if we do get
that unfavorable ruling, you're setting
up for a reduction in waiting for all
Indonesian companies in the MSCI
emerging markets index. you're even
looking at a potential downgrade to
frontier market status. Does that change
your thesis around investing in
Indonesia at all?
>> Honestly, this is uh again, Indonesia is
on probation until May. I my base case
is they will find a solution. There is
no realistic risk of Indonesia being
downgraded to frontier market status. Uh
we have to remember it's a G20 economy.
is the largest equity market in ASEAN
and one of the top 20 markets globally
in terms of market cap. Uh in terms of
trading volume, last year we we edged up
Singapore, Malaysia, Vietnam. Um I I
don't this is about index methodology
fine-tuning. It's not a judgment on the
country. So I would definitely be
stepping in and and the ex I will not be
reducing my exposure to Indonesia.
Moit I like how you put it because the
bull case here is
weeks or months from today
uh you know it it's rare we get price
dislocations that are not fundamentally
driven right to your point and people
might look back at this day as you know
uh that was a window I could have gotten
in given this market has been on an
uptrend and people were waiting to buy a
dip and this could be that dip. Now I I
wonder if this is just if it is turns
out to be just tweaking along concepts
and definitions and clearly there's
something beyond that too though. How
easy of a fix do you think this will be?
Uh I think to this this morning I I saw
uh our finance minister come on TV um
and also suggesting that the idx uh the
bi are actively looking to find a
solution and they want to find a
solution definitely before May. They're
looking as early as March. So in the
short term sentiment is clearly neutral
to negative. Um global investors are
telling us let's wait until there's
clarity in May. don't add risk yet and
don't fight the uncertainty that keeps
pressure on the prices near term but
historically when Indonesia has faced
this overhang long-term investors who
stepped in during uncertainty were often
rewarded once the clarity returned so
would you wait until that point in time
when things are resolved uh because
chances are the markets would have
already priced in and and started
rallying so again I would be looking at
this opportunity to find those those
companies that you wanted to invest in
but didn't and missed out on the recent
rally to to to the highs and start
focusing on on on your shopping list.
>> Moit in your opinion are some of these
conglomerates too tightly held? I think
that's a very that's a simple that's a
simple question which could have a
complicated answer. M
>> um yeah, I think I think the Indonesia
market in general, it's it's a market
where the stocks are held by the
promoters uh from a majority
perspective. They don't let go during
the IPOs. They still retain 70 80% of
their shareholdings. So I I think it's
um it's a common practice in Indonesia.
Um but on the flip side, isn't it a good
thing that the promoters still hold uh
the a majority of the company in which
the alignment of interest obviously
would be the same for the minority
shareholders. They would want to do
better because they still control the
majority. They would want to to see the
company grow further. So I I mean
there's two two sides to the to the
coin, right? So I if you want to look at
it from a perspective that it could be
uh controlled or price controlled then
yes uh there is there is obviously some
bad apples that could do that but uh you
know the focus should be again on
fundamentally strong companies with
clean balance sheets high high real free
float solid cash generation and earnings
at the end of the day. So uh not not not
particularly focused again on the index
flows.
We're also just of course keeping an eye
on what's happening in the currency
space and you've got further declines
for the rupia here actually the most
since October now amid that stock's
route but it's also reflecting concerns
around around central bank independence
and and I'm curious for your views on
this given we've had presidento who's
appointed his nephew to the position of
deputy governor does that concern you at
all and and just talking about you know
businesses being tightly held but also
central banks and and concerns around
nepotism for instance,
>> I would uh we would definitely keep an
eye on that. I I think at the end of the
day, um Indonesia has um
it's it's not the only country that has
um faced this kind of issue, right? I
mean, if you look at into the US as
well, I mean, um President Trump's
children are very well connected in the
business circles. Um I I think we need
to focus again on the underlying
credentials of the person, not
necessarily whether they are a nephew or
a son or a daughter of of one of the
politicians. I I would like to see again
let's focus on the credentials. Let's
see how he steps in and and what he
does. We obviously want to make sure
that the central bank continues to
remain independent of um of politics. So
So let's let's see how that plays out.
>> Uh okay. the
mo I'm wondering from a I guess market
piping or mechanics perspective how do
we know you know put setting news aside
because to your point right once we get
a resolution here we're probably too
late and the market's already closed
that gap are there signs that you're
watching out for in terms of being able
to tell if the sell off is close to if
if we're close to the bottom on this one
specifically near-term
>> um Like I mentioned, I think from an
index level, if we looked at um the from
the April tariff low to the recent se to
the recent January high, um the 7,900
pullback was about 38 retracement. Um
and that has now broken. So 7,500 is
about the 0.5 retracement and also
aligns with the monthly and quarterly
averages, the specifically the 10
quarter. So I would like those um levels
to be held. Um, of course, if it
continues uh if it continues to break
down, then we have to assess our
positions um and and maybe um pivot them
to certain stocks that may benefit on
more on the rally. Um but besides that,
of course, uh in February and March,
it's it's a bit more of a quiet period
when they go into their Eid uh holidays
and Ramadan. So they you know there
might be um a slowdown in terms of of um
a slowdown period in terms of
investments. However, I would be also
looking at uh consumption uh during this
time and domestic liquidity. So if if
the consumption remains strong or
there's a pickup and domestic liquidity
also remains intact, I think those are
good signs to watch uh and we can
probably look to step in again for
patient capital. This is very uh
discomforting of course but it's not uh
it's not a dysfunctional um market. So
ultimately uh index risk creates
volatility but the fundamentals will
determine the returns.
>> It it certainly is a test of patience.
Uh Moit thank you so much for helping us
cut through the some of the noise here
and let let's talk again and hopefully
hopefully soon and once maybe the dust
settles on this one. uh Mohit Murray
there of course senior partner at uh
SMGC capital in case you missed that
conversation of course they've yet to
sell any of their positions given amidst
this drop and this collapse in the
market look at Southeast Asia plenty
more aarhead this is Bloomberg
Right, welcome back. You're watching the
China show. We're looking at oil prices
trading
at around, let's call it six month
highs. Is it fresh month, four month
high? I think it depends what you're
looking at here. This one should be
Brent. And I can tell you now that's a
six-month high. We're sorry. We'll fix
that for you. U Donald Trump threatened,
of course, an attack on Iran, urging
Tyran to negotiate a nuclear deal. Yeah,
I can tell just by absolute levels. I've
done this that long. But anyway, let's
let's talk about this. Balazp is here,
our senior editor uh uh to talk us
through. Okay, so what what what is the
Iran story today? What are we watching
on for there?
>> Right. So, we saw this threat from
President Trump and he's talking about
uh Iran has having to come to the table
to talk about nuclear disarmament
basically or avoiding uh Iran developing
nuclear weapons which is interesting
because previously his reaction was on
the protest and on the crackdown by the
Iranian regime on the protesters and he
sent this armada this fleet of uh US
warships to the regions and now he's
saying time is running out Iran has to
come to the table and and negotiate
about their nuclear uh weapons program
or or nuclear program if they want to
avoid another strike like we saw last
year and that's what we see in the oil
market. Every time we talk about
potential hostilities in the Middle
East, everybody starts talking starts
thinking about the straight of Hormuz
which is a gateway for about a third of
global supply and that's what we see
reflected in the prices.
>> Yeah, critical choke point. uh what is
the reaction then from from Tan and and
how exactly are they assessing these
demands as well?
>> Well, they have been saying uh forever
that they do not want to develop nuclear
weapons that they need uh this uh sort
of sort of ur uranium enrichment for
civilian purposes and they have been
saying they do want to talk they do want
diplomacy they do want to avoid uh any
sort of hostilities with the US. So they
are trying we heard about Iranian uh
diplomats fanning out around the region
to try to calm tensions a little bit. So
they are trying to avoid uh any further
escalation right now.
>> Balage thanks much for joining us this
morning. That was our senior editor
there Balage Pens and we are shifting
back uh still in the commodity space
actually but taking a look at what's
happening with gold and silver today
because we are continuing to see these
gains here. So gold has already crossed
that 5,500 threshold. Silver also up
around 120.
>> Something just to underscore the frenzy
that's going on here on silver
specifically. Right. So there was an ETF
the volume and the terminal charts going
to come up. There's a full story on that
if you want need more details on this.
Um so the volume specifically on the
EyesShares Silver Trust ETF actually uh
is on par with the S&P 500 ETF, right?
or one of the S&P which you know they
they should be nowhere near each other
yet. Here we are just talking about
really how the stories really become
front and center which I guess takes us
into how this is really showing up in
this part of the world. Bill,
>> yeah, showing up in this part of the
world in in different sorts of ways. We
can actually take a look at some of the
headlines we're tracking in the
commodity space in greater China. So
this is quite an interesting one, but
Hong Kong customs have seized more than
7,000 ounces of suspected smuggled
silver at a border checkpoint with
mainland China. Authorities say the
silver was hidden inside food cans in a
private vehicle and two men were
arrested. Sharp gains in silver prices
are driving a buying frenzy in China.
All right, Indonesia day two we're down
a further 8%. Trading halt there as the
route deepened uh for a second day. So
we were down 7 and a half% at the close
yesterday. We're down a further 8%
today. So, we've taken out a couple of
key milestones there as far as moving
averages and technical indicators on a
daily basis. I guess just keep in mind
this is a market that's also rallied
quite substantially uh over the last
couple of years. It in fact this and
India were the two markets in the
Asia-Pacific that really were the
darlings of investors had outperformed
before everyone then started to embrace
AI and the other markets that have
certainly come about. So there is um
profit to be taken here until we the
dust settles on this and we see a
resolution to the issues here at hand.
>> Yeah, absolutely. But it does seem like
panic selling is still sort of the modus
operandi of investors right now. Let's
also take a look at what's happening in
the metal space today because copper has
actually just surged to a record in in
London. That's the LME contract there.
But you're up over the past year 50% for
this medal and and we had City for
instance, the equity strategist saying
Pier Laauo this hour saying he's still
very optimistic even though you've got
the likes of Goldman Sachs for instance
that are saying that actually demand for
copper could cool a little bit over the
coming months.
>> Yeah, he's he's still bullish in that.
In fact, when you look at his forecast
on earnings to does reflect a pickup in
materials and also tech, those are the
two sectors he thinks are going to lead
the earnings upgrades here on the
Chinese markets this year. Um, very
briefly, and by the way, this is
something I think we need to be talking
about more of and we probably will uh
over the next few days. Uh, remember
three red lines? There was that report
on the back of might no longer be red
lines. Uh, markets are reacting quite
substantially. Of course, we're coming
off extremely low bases on these names.
That's it from us here on the China
show. Plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.